CaineAlch ver 2.5
---------

This is a almost a total re-write of Dreamweavers' original alchemy package...

i changed a load of things, added some extra functionality and fixed up some major bugs.

todo:
-----
get a script for those npcs, so that they can also throw the deadly explosion potions! and partake of the fun! ;)) 
add in "chaos" factors for purple potions
need to add "how many potions to make"
if a player mixes the potion, it should print the right name (ie. "A mana potion", instead of "a black potion")
make sure its running smoothly ;)


what i did:
-----------

ver 2.5
-------

1) fixed those damn purple potions (actually, most of the time was spent on the purple potions, hehehe)
	1.1) They have a 3 second fuse
	1.2) They can be thrown from inside the players pack, or from the ground.
	1.3) Damage is done on the formula : local dmg := ( ( Randomint(30) + 1 ) * str ) / dist_mod
		where dist_mod is the distance from ground zero.

2) revamped drinkpotion.inc
	-you can now specify (in the .inc file) the time between drinking/using purple potions and others
		*and whole load more checking.


notes:
---------
ummm, lemme see...
i haven't done extensive testing on this one in a fully multiplayer environ. so well see what bugs turn up.



ver 2.0
-------

hehehehe, found a huge bug.... teehee... thats what you get for not checking others work first.

1) fixed (almost most importantly) whether you can drink a potion according to distance and line of sight.
	-hehehe, now you can't drink potions from across the screen and through walls ;)
		*damn i feel stupid. (hehehe, mabye i shouldn't have said anything)

2) changed the way the poison works again...

3) healthbar now turns green while poisoned! ('bout time)

4) cure potions now say whether you cured youself partially or completely.


notes:
------

i cant get those purple potions to work like i want them to just yet.
the problem: it wont display an explosion on the potion... only on the mobiles near it.

i'll hopefully get them working soon.
Well i hope i will anyway.



Ver 1.5
-------
1) revamped the whole poison system. (ie. i fixed some of my own bugs, hehehe)

2) changes the time between the poison damage effect to use new formula ( time = 30 / strength of poison * 2)
	-so the more you poisoned... the more damage you take, and you take it faster 
		*(its what you get for being dumb enough to drink more than one deadly poison, :> )

3) Healer is now able to cure you (yay)


note!
-----
i am using two functions and setting my own flags to find out if the creature is poisoned. 
if there is a standard flag for being poisoned. if it really causes any hassles, i'll just change it so
if the "poison_level" is > 0 the char is poisoned. But for now, i set a "is_poisoned" flag.



Ver 1.0
-------
1) fixed the whole creation of mana potion bit, and added another potion.

2) fixed the potion poison. It actually poisons you now, imagine that. =)

3) fixed the fact that you can now do other actions while poisoned
	-if you drink more than one poison potion, the effects are accumulative. (ouch)
		*not like you'd want to... but now you can ;)

4) fixed the menu for creating the mana potions.

5) Made it damn hard to create Mana potions (to prevent swarms of invincible mages, with neverending mana)
	-ie. not only is it made from the "Dragons Blood" reagent, but it requires an alch. skill of 80 to
         create the lesser mana potion.

6) If you mix a potion without an empty flask, it keeps the potion in the mortar, until you have an empty flask.
 

notes: 
-----
to stop mixing potions... move around...
hehehe, next ver. ill put in the option to specify how many potions to make.

thats about all i can think of.


Install Instructions:
---------------------

uncompress this file into your <serverdir>\pkg\opt\
(it should uncompress into a directory of the same name... but if it doesn't for some dumb reason, just create one and
move the files there)

enable the package via the pkg.cfg file.
disable the old alchemy package.

(preferably... replace the std alchemy pkg with this one... then hopefully everything that references alch. will work)


caine
