OSI STYLE MOONGATE SYSTEM -- CYCLE LOCATIONS

I didn't like the current moongate system, and rather than re-script it I simply used teleporters and added the moongate 
item on top of the teleporter to make it look like the old OSI style moongate system. This also allows you to decide which of 
the moongate images you want to use. I used the Black Moongate image. 


In-game type [add teleporter <ENTER> then target the ground where you want it placed. 
Then type [props <ENTER> and set the destination coordinates using the table below.

In-game type [add item 8148 <ENTER> and then just target the teleporter that is already on the ground. This will create the 
black moongate ontop of the teleporter. Lastly type [props and then target and click on the moongate, then change the name 
value to the proper description listed below, simply cut and paste the description into the name field. Also set the Movable 
option to FALSE so that players can't move the moongate image.



Here is how I linked the teleporters. So they just cycle the player around the map rather than allow a player direct travel.

Britain ==> North of Moon
North of Moon ==> Clues Island
Clues Island ==> Meadow south of Dawn
Meadow south of Dawn ==> Devil Guard
Devil Guard ==> Montor
Montor ==> Yew
Yew ==> Britain



Britain Teleporter Destination = 963, 514, 4
North of Moon Teleporter Destination = 3723, 2155, 4
Clues Island Teleporter Destination = 2548, 2685, 4
Meadow south of Dawn Teleporter Destination = 1918, 1504, 4
Devil Guard Teleporter Destination = 3201, 2602, 0
Montor Teleporter Destination = 2429, 865, 3
Yew Teleporter Destination = 3009, 1029, 0



I set the name value of each of the moongate items to state what can be seen when looking into that particular moongate. When the 
player clicks on the moongate the player will be given a description (a glimps) of what awaits them on the other side. Here are 
the descriptions I use to describe the destinations. Oh and you will have to copy and paste these descriptions into the name 
field as you can't type that much and see what you have typed.



Britain Moongate name value:
You see to the south the home of Magic, but the Magi are far and few in this town. There is a large swamp to the west.

North of Moon Moongate name value:
You see a large forest area with a great mountain range to the north, there is an elaborate entrance on one side.

Clues Island Moongate name value:
You see a open meadow, a mountain to the north with a cave, beyond that is a mystical town shrouded by a jungle.

Meadow south of Dawn Moongate name value:
You see a hidden mountain lake concealed in a valley surrounded by mountains. A town is scattered among the many island areas.

Devil Guard Moongate name value:
You see twin towns opposite each other at the mouth of a southern river. They look similar, and can almost be considered one.

Montor Moongate name value:
You see within a ring of mountains concealed by a great forest, a quiet town. Many visit for contemplation, prayer and wine.

Yew Moongate name value:
You see magnificent stone buildings, sturdy wood-and-plaster shops and homes with a marvelous castle to the north.



This system works very well, and gives a hint to the location next travelled but doesn't actually give the town name. For that 
players will just have to step through and find out for themselves. That's all part of the adventure!

True over time players will memorize the sequence and what description is what town, but for a time they will be awe-struck and 
adventureous just as we all were when we first started playing the game.


Another neat effect of gate travel is that you actually seem to time travel back and forth a few hours between locations. *smiles*
check your in-game wrist watch or wall clock after each gate travel. hehe

These are not all of the moongate locations, just the ones that are ment to be cycled for player travel. The other locations are 
ment to be accessed via a certain area or quest. I'll leave that up to you guys to decide how to implement them.

Here are the remaining locations you will need to decide how you want players to reach.

Mountain Passage - 1459, 1419, -10   (this location is ment to have the portal that leads to exodus island).
Exodus Island - 968, 2726, 4
Time Awaits Dungeon Entrance - 3831, 1508, 4


Regards,
Carl Hamilton
www.darkshard.net