
Translate
Turn off instant translation
4271/5000
Gump-Spellbook @ Pergon (Pol094DistroSP3 tested)
=======================

ahoi their lucky bear chisel,

it is' n bissl late * aufdie watchschaut *, I have no bock to write this file here, and I have
even less desire to do something like this in English, where I already eh any plan of this
comic language ... nundenn

had begun the whole with the necessary 3 different magic classes, each with different
to create. the whole falls into the overall concept of Pergon, where akt. to the 70 skills are realized
(makes 3 times ever to conjure and roll). since Pergon is now very much from OSI and
also differs from the Distro, it was not so simple, the Spellbook, as single object, since simply so
rauszulösen. I have also only made adjustments so far, so that the junk with the distro works together
and is usable. In concrete terms this means that 3 different books are still supported, but all of them
act. the same content ... who the reconstruction wants ... much fun - I have the crucial positions
simply exclaimed.

the spellbook script is highly universal written (is even more universal than we are on Pergon
- it was just before the completion of the new magic concept). i.e. everything will be from the
spells.cfg read out. more than 8 circle (or less) are possible. per circle are so many sayings
allowed, as popular (ie, more than the 8 act.). even the reagents are read out from the spells.cfg,
so that errors in the config file can be found quickly (thus, with us the part was really misty).
each one of the 3 books is in principle unique, the contained claims, reagents etc. etc. (we ham
about 25 different reags, many common and some special, with 128 phrases (32 common + each
32 special).

the spellbook itself consists of 2 parts (for speed reasons). an initialization part, which only
when starting is called, because always always equal (the skin the result of in globalprops and used
which then at the auruf easy). then there is the SpellPanel. which is relatively new and not yet complete
independent of the book. it serves to imitate the "pull out" of the claims by 'n panel
which is freely configurable ... to configure the theme: undbedingt mal die
constant look ... we ham also our whole spellsymbole etc.usf. new painted.

Gumps ... in the client-dir is' ne verdata.mul, which contains 16 very important gumps (GUMP_HIDDENBTN_LEFT: = 2184 ff.)
these parts look the same as the empty book itself and lie under / behind the index entries in the
book. only by this trick can one go over the index to the claims. the other parts in the
verdata you can ignore (probably only the windmill wings).

best you try the whole simply times ... everything reinkopieren and ".spellbooknew". then
in the backpack 3 books, vollpackten with sprüche emerge ... the use of the whole is intuitive,
at least hams my leutz kapiert; o)

because the whole krams yes as a basis for any with magie-rewrite serve (which we already made
have), which have already somehow by the code wurschteln, which I understand. if
anyone at the Gump code desperate and his brain twists, then I understand the ...
has also cost me a while, the sooo elegant to get away, so as possible no data
unnecessarily duplicated * g *
and if you find the Gump code "sick", then I can present you much more sick things ...
I LOVE gumps and there is almost nothing, which can not be done with it ... hehe

ohja, somehow funzt with the oninsert nich so right ... do not know why, because we do that
on a use-script handle, but you can even look into the insertscroll-script to see,
how simple the funzt ... the includes deliver everything, beautifully packed in functions.

so, have no more bock and I believe the close equivalent is gaaaanz short

tschö

Shini aka Shinigami aka Jason

p.s .: who finds left-write errors, they may keep ... I les the junk up there now never durch durch
Google Translate for Business:Translator ToolkitWebsite Translator
About Google TranslateCommunityMobile
About GooglePrivacy & TermsHelpSend feedback
